faq.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: "/faq"
---

# The First-year FAQ (FFAQ)

Answers to common questions from new ECE and Engineering majors.

## Q: I've heard MacOS isn't good for ECE and Engineering majors. Is that true?

A: Not at all! Many students successfully use MacOS for their coursework. While some specialized engineering software is Windows-only, you may occasionally need to use virtualization tools like Parallels or VirtualBox, or set up dual-boot to run those programs. However, this is increasingly rare as courses continuously update their tooling to be more platform-independent and user-friendly.

Additionally, becoming comfortable with the command line and open-source tools on MacOS is a big advantage. Since MacOS is a [Unix-like](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix-like) operating system, many development and engineering tools work well out of the box.

The ECE and CS departments also sometimes provide access to [Linux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux) servers for specialized software.

## Q: What’s the best way to take notes in engineering classes?

A: It depends on your learning style! Some students prefer traditional pen and paper for quick sketches and formulas, while others like digital notes using tablets or laptops.

Digital tablets like iPads can be especially helpful because they make it easy to organize lots of notes, PDFs, and sketches all in one searchable place. If you’re used to using a tablet from high school, this can make college note-taking smoother and more efficient. Apps like GoodNotes, Notability, or OneNote are popular choices.

For classes heavy in equations or diagrams, handwritten or stylus-based notes often work best, while typing can be faster for programming lectures. Handwriting notes generally helps with memory and learning better than typing — here’s a [great Scientific American article on why](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/why-writing-by-hand-is-better-for-memory-and-learning/).

## Q: How hard is ECE at Cornell?

A: ECE at Cornell is definitely challenging—engineering coursework is rigorous and demands strong problem-solving skills, math, and consistent effort. Many students find the pace and workload more intense compared to other majors.

But you’re not alone! Our IEEE community and the broader ECE department offer tons of support—study groups, tutoring, office hours, and social events—that can make a big difference. Plus, connecting with fellow students through IEEE can help you stay motivated and find study partners.

The first year can feel like a big adjustment, but with time, you’ll develop your own strategies and find the work more manageable. If you enjoy building, designing, and solving real-world problems, ECE is a rewarding path.

Commit message:

refactor: minor additions to content and tweaks of preprocessing

faq.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: "/faq"
---

# ECE FAQ

## CS Minor

### Q: Should I enroll in the ECE or CS equivalent for cross listed courses if I am pursuing a CS minor?

A: Yes—if you're pursuing a CS minor and a course is cross-listed between ECE and CS, you should enroll in the ECE section first, even if you're ultimately planning to count it toward the CS minor.

That's because CS sections are often restricted or waitlisted for non-majors, making it difficult to get in directly. However, the CS department requires that courses used for the minor appear with a CS prefix on your transcript. So, once you're enrolled in the ECE section, you can submit a [registrar petition](https://www.engineering.cornell.edu/registrar/registrar-forms/) to have it listed as CS on your transcript. You should do this after the course add deadline, or in a following semester.

## First Year

Answers to common questions from new ECE and Engineering majors.

### Q: I've heard MacOS isn't good for ECE and Engineering majors. Is that true?

A: Not at all! Many students successfully use MacOS for their coursework. While some specialized engineering software is Windows-only, you may occasionally need to use virtualization tools like Parallels or VirtualBox, or set up dual-boot to run those programs. However, this is increasingly rare as courses continuously update their tooling to be more platform-independent and user-friendly.

Additionally, becoming comfortable with the command line and open-source tools on MacOS is a big advantage. Since MacOS is a [Unix-like](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix-like) operating system, many development and engineering tools work well out of the box.

The ECE and CS departments also sometimes provide access to [Linux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux) servers for specialized software.

### Q: What’s the best way to take notes in engineering classes?

A: It depends on your learning style! Some students prefer traditional pen and paper for quick sketches and formulas, while others like digital notes using tablets or laptops.

Digital tablets like iPads can be especially helpful because they make it easy to organize lots of notes, PDFs, and sketches all in one searchable place. If you’re used to using a tablet from high school, this can make college note-taking smoother and more efficient. Apps like GoodNotes, Notability, or OneNote are popular choices.

For classes heavy in equations or diagrams, handwritten or stylus-based notes often work best, while typing can be faster for programming lectures. Handwriting notes generally helps with memory and learning better than typing — here’s a [great Scientific American article on why](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/why-writing-by-hand-is-better-for-memory-and-learning/).

### Q: How hard is ECE at Cornell?

A: ECE at Cornell is definitely challenging—engineering coursework is rigorous and demands strong problem-solving skills, math, and consistent effort. Many students find the pace and workload more intense compared to other majors.

But you’re not alone! Our IEEE community and the broader ECE department offer tons of support—study groups, tutoring, office hours, and social events—that can make a big difference. Plus, connecting with fellow students through IEEE can help you stay motivated and find study partners.

The first year can feel like a big adjustment, but with time, you’ll develop your own strategies and find the work more manageable. If you enjoy building, designing, and solving real-world problems, ECE is a rewarding path.

### Q: What’s the difference between CS and ECE, and how do I decide which major to pursue?

A: Computer Science (CS) and Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE) overlap in several areas but have distinct focuses.

- **CS** primarily focuses on software, algorithms, and computing theory.
- **ECE** includes both hardware and software topics, such as circuits, embedded systems, and signals.

ECE tends to be a smaller, more close-knit major with a strong sense of community. Many ECE graduates pursue careers in software engineering, and there is a well-established pathway from ECE into software roles.

Students interested in both hardware and software often find ECE appealing, while those more focused on software development and theory may prefer CS. Many students also choose to minor in one field while majoring in the other.

Taking introductory courses in both areas can help you decide which path is the best fit.
