_courses/ece4271.md, before:

---
layout: class
title: "Evolutionary Processes, Evolutionary Algorithms, Evolutionary Games"
codes:
  - "ECE 4271"
credits: 3
primary_level: 4
tags: [Systems, Math, Probability]
overview: >
  This course addresses a collection of topics relevant to the modeling, analysis, simulation, and optimization of large complex multi-agent systems. It also provides a standalone introduction to discrete-time Markov chains; covers the Metropolis algorithm and its generalizations; gives an introduction to the theory of genetic algorithms; and provides an introduction to evolutionary game theory, including the ESS concept, replicator dynamics, and dynamic probabilistic approaches.
prerequisites: "ECE 3100 or a strong familiarity with discrete probability."
key_topics: [" Markov Chains", "Genetic Algorithms", "Evolutionary Game Theroy"]

professors:
  - name: "Dr. David Delchamps"
    semesters: "Spring"
    difficulty: N/A
    rating: N/A
    assignments: "Weekly problem sets."
    exams: "One midterm and one final exam."
---

Commit message:

refactor: minor additions to content and tweaks of preprocessing

_courses/ece4271.md, after:

---
layout: class
title: "Evolutionary Processes, Evolutionary Algorithms, Evolutionary Games"
codes:
  - "ECE 4271"
credits: 3
tags: [Systems, Math, Probability]
overview: >
  This course addresses a collection of topics relevant to the modeling, analysis, simulation, and optimization of large complex multi-agent systems. It also provides a standalone introduction to discrete-time Markov chains; covers the Metropolis algorithm and its generalizations; gives an introduction to the theory of genetic algorithms; and provides an introduction to evolutionary game theory, including the ESS concept, replicator dynamics, and dynamic probabilistic approaches.
prerequisites: "ECE 3100 or a strong familiarity with discrete probability."
key_topics: [" Markov Chains", "Genetic Algorithms", "Evolutionary Game Theroy"]

professors:
  - name: "Dr. David Delchamps"
    semesters: "Spring"
    difficulty: 2.5/5
    rating: 4/5
    assignments: "Weekly problem sets."
    exams: "One midterm and one final exam."
    pros:
     - "Overall workload is light."
     - "Homeworks and exams graded fairly 'lightly'."
     - "Little linear algebra or complicated calculus concepts needed for prerequisites."
     - "Interesting concepts."
    cons:
     - "Very theoretical, math heavy course. Probably not too much application for most ECE majors."
    tips:
     - "Make sure to go to lecture! As usual, Delchamps provides course notes but the lecture content is more focused, and key points are highlighted more."
---
